ANN MENDENHALL: stop the recording.
ANN MENDENHALL: Hey, Corey.
ANN MENDENHALL: Hi, my name is Anne Mendenhall
ANN MENDENHALL: Welcome to bright heart health.
Corey’s iPhone: Thank you, Corey.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, nice to meet you. Okay, so I don't know if they told you kind of what we're doing here. But we'll be spending about oh 45 minutes or so, just kind of going through questions kind of your history. And so let me get set up here.
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: And
ANN MENDENHALL: Into your chart.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, so I kind of like to start out, you know, getting to know a little bit about, you know, where, where you live in what your history is I'm assuming you're here for for opiates.
Corey’s iPhone: Yes, ma'am. Yeah.
Corey’s iPhone: Okay, so I live in
Corey’s iPhone: California
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, I know where that is.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, a bit. It's kind of hot down there right now.
Corey’s iPhone: Oh yeah, it's really hot.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, I live a little north of San Francisco. So it's a little cooler video than it was hot here yesterday so
ANN MENDENHALL: I can, yeah. Yeah, you're, you're kind of out in the desert there.
Corey’s iPhone: A little bit, yeah, definitely.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay. And so, you know, here's kind of a series of questions that I'm going to ask you, starting with what what is your current opioid use been
Corey’s iPhone: It's been
Corey’s iPhone: Like that known heroin. Good stuff.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, and how much
Corey’s iPhone: For like three times daily
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay. And, you know, like, kind of approximately how many grams. You use
Corey’s iPhone: Maybe like
Corey’s iPhone: A half gram
ANN MENDENHALL: Each time, so
Corey’s iPhone: No, no, maybe daily like
Corey’s iPhone: A half gram
Backwards.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay. And how long have you been using
Corey’s iPhone: Only two months.
ANN MENDENHALL: Oh, not very long. Yeah.
Corey’s iPhone: I got I got clean for five years.
Corey’s iPhone: And I just had, I had some court stuff come up and I just was feeling really down about myself in the situation.
ANN MENDENHALL: And
Corey’s iPhone: I started using and just having trouble stopping
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: And so when, when did you relapse. When did you just two months ago.
Corey’s iPhone: It's been two months ago, I think yesterday.
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Well, good for kind of getting back on so quickly. I mean that's that's not that's not too long, but
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay. And I noticed in in sort of the, the intake. They did that you had one OD, is that right
Corey’s iPhone: Yeah, long time ago I did have one overdose. It's been about
Corey’s iPhone: Seven, eight years ago.
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Did you go to the ER for that.
Corey’s iPhone: Yeah, I did, yes.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay.
Corey’s iPhone: Just a day.
Corey’s iPhone: One day overnight.
ANN MENDENHALL: And also, have you ever had. I didn't see this in your, your screening, but I always like to just double check was that overdose a suicide attempt or
Corey’s iPhone: No, it wasn't. It wasn't even actual from the drug. I tried to
Corey’s iPhone: It was like, I went to a clinic and they gave me this this pill and it was supposed to be like an opiate blocker or something but
Corey’s iPhone: I don't know what happened. It just, it put me in like a frickin comatose. It was weird.
ANN MENDENHALL: It wasn't Suboxone
Corey’s iPhone: No, ma'am. That's how I got clean after the five years was from Suboxone
Corey’s iPhone: There was an I don't even remember the name of it. It was like a new trial trial thing.
Corey’s iPhone: And actually my, my father was using at the time, too.
Corey’s iPhone: And he took the same pill and ended up in the hospital, too. So
Corey’s iPhone: It wasn't from the actual drug
ANN MENDENHALL: It was whatever they gave you to
Corey’s iPhone: Do is whatever they gave me. Yes.
Corey’s iPhone: Yeah.
Corey’s iPhone: Still to this day I have tried to research it, but I can't find it, what it is, but
ANN MENDENHALL: If you ever find out you have to let me know.
Corey’s iPhone: Yeah, I definitely will. It was like a little blue pill.
ANN MENDENHALL: Great.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay. And so when when you withdraw from here and what are your most significant withdrawal symptoms.
Corey’s iPhone: Just like really bad anxiety and I feel like, you know,
Corey’s iPhone: Like kind of my body's just really, really weaken
Corey’s iPhone: Like almost like I just can't relax you know
Sure.
ANN MENDENHALL: Do you, do you get the sort of other kind of fairly normal ones like
ANN MENDENHALL: You know, cheering and runny nose.
Corey’s iPhone: And then like the rest, you know, stomach pain from just not been not using the restroom properly all the time.
Yeah.
ANN MENDENHALL: Hey,
ANN MENDENHALL: Alrighty.
ANN MENDENHALL: And have you had any consequences of your opiate use and that would be legal, like, you know, do you wise or RAS or
Corey’s iPhone: Not in the past. I did. I had a lot of stuff like transporting and
Corey’s iPhone: I could get some DUIs in the past. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: This
Corey’s iPhone: This started use since my relapse. I've had no contact with police or anything like that.
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: How long ago where those other ones.
Corey’s iPhone: They were
Corey’s iPhone: Six years ago.
Corey’s iPhone: Seven years
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: And how about any other substance use, like alcohol bentos
ANN MENDENHALL: Now,
Corey’s iPhone: You know, not, not this time I used to use like everything I could get my hands on, but this time it's just been a
Corey’s iPhone: Battle and tear away.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: And have you ever had any detox treatment. You said you were on Suboxone so I assume you must have
Corey’s iPhone: Yeah, I did. Yes. And it actually worked wonderful for me.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yes. Good stuff.
ANN MENDENHALL: And when, when were you on the Suboxone
Corey’s iPhone: It's been about six years, five years ago. Okay.
Corey’s iPhone: I was on a clean streak. I didn't do anything. And I don't. And then I move was in Texas for four years and moved back to ridgecrest about a year and a half ago, and I had some court case come up from like eight years ago. So I was really worried you know
Corey’s iPhone: Using it as like a numbing
Corey’s iPhone: You know, trying to get through it. But, OK, now I'm trying to stop and it's hard to do on my own without, you know,
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, no. The Suboxone is really a great way because it's going to, you know, the thing that is wonderful about Suboxone as I'm sure you know is
ANN MENDENHALL: It just makes you feel normal.
ANN MENDENHALL: And so
ANN MENDENHALL: You can get back to the
ANN MENDENHALL: Life without, you know, the intense cravings and you know all the
Corey’s iPhone: Stuff along
ANN MENDENHALL: With it. So yeah, I'm a big fan of Suboxone. Did you ever do any residential treatment like
Corey’s iPhone: I did try some rehabs I was court ordered when I was 18 to do a rehab and I actually went to teen challenge and a couple other ones. And it was like everywhere I went, it was like, I don't know how. And I know it's kind of hard to believe.
Corey’s iPhone: But I ended up relaxing with my counselors at every place. So I just don't know.
Corey’s iPhone: Yeah, so I stopped going because I just realized that if I was going to do it. It had to be on my own.
Corey’s iPhone: Free will, you know, like
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, that's, that's, Tara. I actually my main job is working at a couple of residential rehabs one in in Calistoga in Napa County one and we're in County and
ANN MENDENHALL: You know, they're pretty strict and I can guarantee you that wouldn't happen there. But that makes me so sad to hear because you were there to, you know, to get sober and then tap counselors, you know,
Corey’s iPhone: Like I was like oh
Corey’s iPhone: But like I said, when I got clean that after the five years that I stay clean after that.
Corey’s iPhone: Yeah, I had no relapses, no nothing.
ANN MENDENHALL: How about any past medical history. Do you have like anything like asthma or diabetes or
No.
ANN MENDENHALL: No.
Corey’s iPhone: I'm pretty healthy, I had an ulcer. When I was 11
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay.
Corey’s iPhone: But other than that, I've had no no issues. I am add but that, that's it.
Corey’s iPhone: Okay, yeah.
Yeah.
ANN MENDENHALL: Mark that
ANN MENDENHALL: Treated for ADHD. Did you ever take ADHD meds.
Corey’s iPhone: Yeah I did put the medication, they will give me it just
Corey’s iPhone: Really made me feel weird. So I haven't taken anything for it and probably about eight years.
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, it's essentially speed.
Corey’s iPhone: Yeah yeah
Corey’s iPhone: But I cope with it really well. Now I just put it in different things.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, well, that's, that's the thing. I mean, I think you can kind of use that to your advantage because when you have that energy it but it's sort of being able to sort of train yourself to focus when you need to focus
Corey’s iPhone: Yeah yeah
ANN MENDENHALL: My daughter was diagnosed with that and she took her off for a while until she got to college and started selling it and
ANN MENDENHALL: Right. Yeah. And then she quit she quit and and now she's you know she just has to, sort of, you know, make herself focus, but you know just
ANN MENDENHALL: Be able to use it to our advantage.
Nice.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: So let's see any
ANN MENDENHALL: Surgical history.
Corey’s iPhone: Just my tonsils taken out.
Corey’s iPhone: Okay, and that that's about it. I haven't had I've had like scope off dummies and stuff like that. Just to check for my author, but
Corey’s iPhone: That
ANN MENDENHALL: Like an endoscopy.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, okay.
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: And let's see here.
ANN MENDENHALL: How about
ANN MENDENHALL: Family history or your parents living
Corey’s iPhone: My mom and dad are separated
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, yeah. Um, is your mother does your mother have any
ANN MENDENHALL: Health issues like asthma or diabetes or
ANN MENDENHALL: Hypertension. Okay.
Corey’s iPhone: She has hypertension. She's a DD, like me, that's where I get it from
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Got it.
ANN MENDENHALL: Um, how about your dad is he
Corey’s iPhone: Know, he doesn't have any health issues. He's just an addict as well so
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Is he
ANN MENDENHALL: Just put that in there. Okay. HD. I'm going to put that in there.
ANN MENDENHALL: And any siblings.
Corey’s iPhone: Yeah, I have two sisters older one younger
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: He
ANN MENDENHALL: Addiction use with any of them are
Corey’s iPhone: Major health. Now, now they're, they're both
Corey’s iPhone: Perfect, perfect girls.
Corey’s iPhone: Don't do nothing.
ANN MENDENHALL: Wow, pretty perfect.
Corey’s iPhone: Yeah, that's how my wife to she doesn't do anything doesn't drink doesn't smoke.
ANN MENDENHALL: Well you know that that's that's a good thing because that's certainly will help you in terms of not being, you know, it's a high risk for a relapse.
Corey’s iPhone: Yeah, that's why I think I got through the five years so easily of sober.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, got
ANN MENDENHALL: See
ANN MENDENHALL: There's always a glitch in this one form here. It's like, Come on, let me sign. It won't let me out of it. So it's a second
ANN MENDENHALL: Family history.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, so, um, are you a cigarette smoker.
Corey’s iPhone: Yes I be and smoke some cigarettes occasionally
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, so it's not an everyday.
Corey’s iPhone: Know I paid every day. But I don't smoke cigarettes every day.
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Oh, the other thing that I forgot to ask you. So with your hair when you're fentanyl is that, do you shoot it smoke.
Corey’s iPhone: smoke it. I went
Corey’s iPhone: When I was in my last addiction. Five years ago, I used to slam it or injected, but this time it's just been smoking.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, right.
ANN MENDENHALL: Right. And you don't drink.
Corey’s iPhone: No.
Corey’s iPhone: I mean I drink occasionally like weekend, maybe have a beer, but I'm not a drinker.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay. All right.
ANN MENDENHALL: And let's see. Do you have any allergies to any medications.
Corey’s iPhone: Or anything else.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, here's here's kind of a bunch of questions.
ANN MENDENHALL: Head to toe.
ANN MENDENHALL: I wanted to know.
ANN MENDENHALL: In this was about the family history.
ANN MENDENHALL: It always
ANN MENDENHALL: Come on. I'm sorry.
ANN MENDENHALL: driving me crazy.
ANN MENDENHALL: Tell me his losses always on this one family history there's some kind of glitch.
ANN MENDENHALL: Apologize. This is
ANN MENDENHALL: Hopefully we didn't lose the whole thing.
Corey’s iPhone: Yeah, that's one thing about the internet here never know what it's gonna do
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, you know, and I've done like a lot of used to be a trainer for Apple. So I've done sort of a lot of, you know,
ANN MENDENHALL: Online stuff, but there is definitely
ANN MENDENHALL: Some kind of an issue.
ANN MENDENHALL: Makes me
ANN MENDENHALL: Try a different way. I'm trying to get back the stuff that we just talked about, so I don't have to ask you all these things again.
Corey’s iPhone: Do you mind if I sit you down for just one second. I gotta use the restroom.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, yeah. Please go ahead. Hopefully I'll have it.
ANN MENDENHALL: Running here when you get back
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, I
ANN MENDENHALL: Might have to run back through some of this stuff again because it's not letting me save it.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, it's really
ANN MENDENHALL: Irritating.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, let's
ANN MENDENHALL: We don't have to go through everything.
ANN MENDENHALL: You said about seven or eight years ago.
Yeah.
ANN MENDENHALL: I gave you was that roughly
ANN MENDENHALL: It was supposed to be to help you detox.
Corey’s iPhone: Yeah, it was. Yeah.
Wow.
ANN MENDENHALL: Interesting some stuff was saved. Good.
ANN MENDENHALL: Man, this is crazy.
ANN MENDENHALL: Legal issues. Again, we're about seven years ago.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, okay.
Corey’s iPhone: With the drugs. Yes.
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay. Just, just kind of like
ANN MENDENHALL: Kind of from head to toe things that you may or may not be feeling like right now.
ANN MENDENHALL: So starting with
ANN MENDENHALL: Any fever, night sweats chills fatigue.
Corey’s iPhone: Or no, just a little twitching every now and then, like I get like just random like jokes.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: And how about any
ANN MENDENHALL: Blurry vision loss of the gym.
Corey’s iPhone: No.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, you're, you're, you're, you know, you're healthy. So you probably have very few of these but got to ask any hearing loss or difficulty hearing
ANN MENDENHALL: No. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: How about any runny nose, sneezing,
Corey’s iPhone: A little bit of runny nose like Bernie is like
Corey’s iPhone: Especially like when it gets like towards the end of the day I get, like, you know, unusually tired.
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: How about any cough wheezing.
No.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay and cardiovascular. How about any chest pain, palpitations, difficulty breathing.
Corey’s iPhone: No. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay. Any GI GI problems right now, abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting,
Corey’s iPhone: I do vomit. Occasionally, but not out of the ordinary. I don't think
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, and not in the last day or so.
ANN MENDENHALL: No. Okay. All right.
ANN MENDENHALL: How about any muscle pain back pain.
Corey’s iPhone: A little bit of muscle pain. Yeah.
ANN MENDENHALL: Just
Corey’s iPhone: I feel like it's normal for because I feel like I over exert myself because of the drug, you know,
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah. Probably so.
ANN MENDENHALL: How about any headaches or dizziness or feigning
Know,
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: What's done with these questions would you say that you currently have depression and or anxiety.
ANN MENDENHALL: Or difficulty sleeping.
Corey’s iPhone: No, I sleep pretty good but I wake up like it like three in the morning.
Corey’s iPhone: Oh, every day.
Corey’s iPhone: And then I have a hard time going back to sleep.
Yeah.
Corey’s iPhone: But I think most of that is just because I'm like withdrawing while I'm sleeping.
ANN MENDENHALL: Mm hmm. It's kind of waking you up.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, currently have any hallucinations or any thoughts of suicide.
ANN MENDENHALL: No. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, and are
ANN MENDENHALL: You currently taking any medications.
ANN MENDENHALL: No. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, and so I need to take your vitals, which, you know,
ANN MENDENHALL: Obviously I can't take your
ANN MENDENHALL: Blood pressure or anything, but can you tell me how tall you are
Corey’s iPhone: Yeah, five, eight
ANN MENDENHALL: And
ANN MENDENHALL: How much weight.
Corey’s iPhone: Yeah 165
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay. And then the other thing that we're going to do. Let's see me.
Corey’s iPhone: Yeah, I actually have a blood pressure machine at my house. I could have done that.
ANN MENDENHALL: Oh,
ANN MENDENHALL: Well, we'll get your heart rate, anyway.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, so, um,
ANN MENDENHALL: Let me see. Let me hide this name here. Okay, so for your heart rate.
ANN MENDENHALL: I want you to know how to find your, your pulse, like in your neck, your credit are
Corey’s iPhone: Yeah, okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: And so what I'm gonna do is I'm going to count down 321
Corey’s iPhone: And then
ANN MENDENHALL: Say storage. And so you just count the number of heartbeats that you feel when I say start and turn I say stock.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay. All right.
ANN MENDENHALL: 321 start
Corey’s iPhone: To
ANN MENDENHALL: Stop.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, there we go.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay. So, when was your last use
Corey’s iPhone: This morning at like four in the morning.
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Do you know how to use
Corey’s iPhone: It like
ANN MENDENHALL: Point 2.2 grams.
Yeah.
ANN MENDENHALL: So I'm assuming that if you started too soon after use. It's going to throw you into precipitated withdrawals, which is like, yeah.
Corey’s iPhone: You know,
ANN MENDENHALL: Going to hell.
Yeah.
Corey’s iPhone: I remember they told me I had to wait 24 hours in between. Yeah.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, so, you know, the next 24 hours you know you've been a problem start feeling kind of uncomfortable, but if you can wait that whole 24 hours or you know even wait until you get up in the morning, you know, like at eight or nine or something like that.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, this is going to work really well. It's not gonna that's not going to be a problem for you.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, so I'm gonna have to
ANN MENDENHALL: give you something that looks
Close. Can you see this
Corey’s iPhone: I haven't gotten any paperwork or anything.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay.
Corey’s iPhone: Are you meaning.
ANN MENDENHALL: When you have you done bright heart before
ANN MENDENHALL: No. Okay. All right. Well, I'm going to have them send, send this to you.
Can
ANN MENDENHALL: You see, it looks kind of like a cartoon, in a way.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah. What it is, is the how to start taking the Suboxone
ANN MENDENHALL: And so
ANN MENDENHALL: Tomorrow, you can take, you know, what I want you to do, I'll just kind of describe it, but then
ANN MENDENHALL: You know, they'll, they'll go ahead and send it. I'm going to send the prescription now so you can pick it up today so you know so anytime after four o'clock you know tomorrow morning, you can start it. But so what I'm going to do is
Corey’s iPhone: I have a one question.
Corey’s iPhone: Right. I told them that I
Corey’s iPhone: Was going to get it from Walmart, but I need to change that because they don't longer discount the medicine.
Corey’s iPhone: Oh, so
Corey’s iPhone: If I could get you guys to send it to the save on. Okay.
Corey’s iPhone: They actually do the RX discounts and it makes it all cheaper for me.
ANN MENDENHALL: Oh yeah, exactly. Why don't you tell me which save on that is
Corey’s iPhone: It's in the Walgreens is the only one we have, I believe, or it's in the Albertsons here.
Okay.
Corey’s iPhone: I think it's either Albertsons or warm or um I think it'll come up. If you search it, but I'm pretty sure it's the Albertsons
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, well before you go, let me get this prescription ready and double check and make sure we're sending it to the right place.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, so what what I'm going to do is, because I think you're gonna need
ANN MENDENHALL: At least you know 12 milligrams a day. Do you remember what you took before
Corey’s iPhone: Yeah, I took 12 yeah
ANN MENDENHALL: That you probably do it you know if you can do it unless great all the better. But I want you
Corey’s iPhone: Yeah, what I did last time is I would take half and see how I felt. And then I'd take the other half later, or you know what I mean as needed.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah. So what I'm gonna do is I'm going to describe
ANN MENDENHALL: The it's either going to be
ANN MENDENHALL: Films or tablets.
ANN MENDENHALL: Do you remember if you have the same
ANN MENDENHALL: Insurance if they covered the tablets or the films or which you have
Corey’s iPhone: I believe it was the film's the ones that go under your tongue and the dissolve. It's the little packages.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: So,
ANN MENDENHALL: How this is going to work is to start this out. I'm going to prescribe you know these eight milligram to milligram thumbs.
ANN MENDENHALL: Suboxone and so start out by cutting it in half and so
ANN MENDENHALL: Taking only four milligrams, or eight milligrams total for the strip. So cut it in half and take that and then wait a couple hours and see how you're doing.
ANN MENDENHALL: If you feel like you need some more after you know a couple of hours, you can take the other half of it.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, and then you know wait a few more hours. See how you're feeling and then you can take actually another half so it would be a total of a half a half a half which equals 12 milligrams for the day.
Corey’s iPhone: Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: What tomorrow. And then if you feel like
ANN MENDENHALL: You know, you're still withdrawing toward the end of the day it's possible. The following day. So today is Wednesday. So you're gonna be doing this tomorrow, Thursday.
ANN MENDENHALL: It's possible. On Friday, you know that you'll be just good at 12 but if you feel like you're still really withdrawing and having a difficult time it's okay if you want to take that up to 16. So in other words,
ANN MENDENHALL: Or two strips. But, you know, cut them in half and sort of divide them up and then depending on how many you end up taking
ANN MENDENHALL: You know that the 12 milligrams. It's kind of easier to take it you know for half a strip three times a day.
Corey’s iPhone: If you end up going to go up to 16 milligrams, I'd recommend taking
ANN MENDENHALL: A full strip
ANN MENDENHALL: Twice a day just a little bit.
Easier.
ANN MENDENHALL: The other thing that's really important is to not
ANN MENDENHALL: drink anything like
ANN MENDENHALL: 30 minutes before and after you take the strip, particularly after because you want to just to absorb
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah waters. Okay, but others.
ANN MENDENHALL: You know, you just want them to work as fast as possible.
ANN MENDENHALL: And it's gives you sort of some
ANN MENDENHALL: You know things to sort of look at, like, I mean, you've done this before. So you're going to know when we're in heavy withdrawal, you just don't want to take it too soon, so you
ANN MENDENHALL: Should be really fidgety should be a lot yawning runny nose, tears in your eyes stomach cramps, nausea, muscle aches, all those things that you probably have experienced before.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah. And so, um,
ANN MENDENHALL: Just take 12 milligrams tomorrow and but I'm going to give you enough
ANN MENDENHALL: To be able to take up to 16
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay. And are you are you working right now.
Corey’s iPhone: Yes, ma'am. I work
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, what what hours do you should work.
Corey’s iPhone: I work from eight to four.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, Monday through Friday.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Because we have
ANN MENDENHALL: THIS ONE THING, I DON'T KNOW IF THEY TOLD YOU, BUT WHEN YOU with bright heart health. The way you get your refills, we only start out giving you a weekly
ANN MENDENHALL: Refill at a time you get your refills.
ANN MENDENHALL: Is
ANN MENDENHALL: Pardon.
Corey’s iPhone: It's based in in the labs.
ANN MENDENHALL: Well, yeah, you got to do that but but you have to attend our, our group meetings. And so I've got one Wednesday night at six o'clock and Friday morning at 10am
Corey’s iPhone: Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: So which one of those would work best for you.
Corey’s iPhone: You said Wednesday night would probably be the best
Corey’s iPhone: Yeah.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, I think it probably wouldn't work.
Corey’s iPhone: Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: And so when we're done here. If you would call back that
ANN MENDENHALL: The virtual clinic, like how you got to begin with and
Corey’s iPhone: Say that
ANN MENDENHALL: That you would like to be
ANN MENDENHALL: 8pm 6pm Wednesday.
Corey’s iPhone: Through okay and
ANN MENDENHALL: Also, you'll get like a therapy appointments just
Corey’s iPhone: An
ANN MENDENHALL: initial appointment is called bps
ANN MENDENHALL: And ask them to set up for you too, and they're there at all different times. So you should be able to work that
ANN MENDENHALL: Into work scheduled truth, um,
ANN MENDENHALL: Let's see.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, go ahead and
ANN MENDENHALL: Prescription set for you.
ANN MENDENHALL: Just finishing up
ANN MENDENHALL: An appointment.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, thank you. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: I'm on call for a couple of
ANN MENDENHALL: Me so
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, so let's go ahead and
ANN MENDENHALL: Get your medications ordered here make sure we get it to the right place.
ANN MENDENHALL: Let's see. No, I'm not sure you going to be able to go tonight. I think you've been on a school wants but possibly anything
ANN MENDENHALL: I'm going to give you enough prescriptions.
To get you
ANN MENDENHALL: Next Thursday.
ANN MENDENHALL: If you don't go to the group until next Wednesday.
ANN MENDENHALL: Then you'll be able to pick up your prescription. The next day, and still have enough. So let me just convert today's here. They do that will soon be starting it actually will be
ANN MENDENHALL: Nine days worth
Corey’s iPhone: And how long does will the treatment go for
ANN MENDENHALL: Um,
ANN MENDENHALL: Because I know the last time they
Corey’s iPhone: Like they said, I would have to be like I would only get the Suboxone for a certain amount of time.
Corey’s iPhone: And then they would
ANN MENDENHALL: Oh, no, no, no, you're going to be able to get it as long as you need it. And that I have people in my group that have been there.
ANN MENDENHALL: For a year, but we also have other people who've been taking it for years. And so nothing wrong with that. Because we've been finding it used to be, people would do a taper and then
ANN MENDENHALL: Exactly. Yeah. No, we don't do tapers here because the research that's come up more recently is that
ANN MENDENHALL: Most people that end up tapering off Suboxone or some
Corey’s iPhone: Relapse and so it's
ANN MENDENHALL: Much better. You know, and I do really advise you to just figure out what is the lowest dose, you can take feel normal. So that's 12 milligrams, that's
ANN MENDENHALL: Better than 16
ANN MENDENHALL: But if you like I said, if you have to book to 60 minutes okay but we don't have a kind of
ANN MENDENHALL: And that's why we need you to keep coming to the group's
ANN MENDENHALL: That's how we prescribe it and then you also have a therapy appointment.
Corey’s iPhone: Okay, thank you.
ANN MENDENHALL: Films. So I'm going to give you a team. Whoops. Hundred 80 make that effective today so you can pick it up.
Corey’s iPhone: Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: And not the Walmart. So let's find will find your pharmacy here.
ANN MENDENHALL: So is it is it enrich crush.
Corey’s iPhone: Yeah, it's called Save on. I believe it's in the Albertsons
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, save on pharmacy. Here we go.
ANN MENDENHALL: It's on 927 South China Lake Boulevard.
Corey’s iPhone: Yes, ma'am.
Perfect.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, yeah, I'll mix that your primary pharmacy.
ANN MENDENHALL: What is that sound.
Corey’s iPhone: Um, it's my phone. It's got a rubber case on it.
ANN MENDENHALL: Oh, okay.
I'm sorry.
ANN MENDENHALL: It's not bothering me. I was just trying to figure out what what's
Corey’s iPhone: Happening with it. Sorry.
ANN MENDENHALL: That's okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, let's see. All right, so your prescription is sent.
ANN MENDENHALL: I'm going to. So when you're done right now if you if you can just call back up to the virtual clinic say that you want to be in my Wednesday night group that you need appointment that therapy appointment and to please send you the the Suboxone
ANN MENDENHALL: Induction.
Corey’s iPhone: Okay, and
ANN MENDENHALL: I'll send them a little note about that too. So I think, I think it kind of covers it, so I'll be seeing you in the group, but do you have any other questions for me right now.
Corey’s iPhone: No, ma'am, the taper question was my only question.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, no worries about that we support you as long as long as you come into our group so
Corey’s iPhone: We've got a good
ANN MENDENHALL: People, I think you like it.
Corey’s iPhone: Okay, thank you.
ANN MENDENHALL: Nice to meet you.
Corey’s iPhone: You take care
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, bye.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: So I, I lost some of
ANN MENDENHALL: What we you know I had entered in the chart, which, you know, I sometimes do with new patients.
ANN MENDENHALL: Thank God for this recording, so you can pick it back up and it was mainly an API. Something always keeps always comes up in that family history of where I'm unable to save. And then if you get out of it, you've lost the whole chart. So you're going to have to bring it up again anyway.
ANN MENDENHALL: His pre BAM score his risk or was six, and his protective score was 17 he's had no suicide attempts, and has no current suicidal ideation, it shouldn't hallucinations, etc.
ANN MENDENHALL: He had one overdose, about seven or eight years ago is, you know, you'll probably see in that recording, but it doesn't sound like well
ANN MENDENHALL: I mean you can attribute it to the heroin that he was taking at the time, but he evidently was giving given some experimental drug, as was his
ANN MENDENHALL: Father, who also was a heroin user. And I don't know if it through them into precipitated withdrawals, or what it was. He doesn't know the name of it. I'm not sure what it was either, but he was in the ER for that. But it was not a suicide attempt. He was actually trying to get sober so
ANN MENDENHALL: I think that's it. Thank you. Bye.